What falling object is said to have inspired Isaac Newton's theories about gravity?
A. Pineapple 
B. Plum
C. Orange
D. Apple
D. Apple
Newton told the apple story to Stukeley, who relayed it as such: "After dinner, the weather being warm, we went into the garden and drank thea, under the shade of some apple trees...he told me, he was just in the same situation, as when formerly, the notion of gravitation came into his mind.

Where in the world does the largest tropical rainforest grow? 
A. Nak Pulao
B. Amazon
C. Daintree
D. The Congo
B. Amazon
The tropical rainforest is a hot, moist biome found near Earth's equator. The world's largest tropical rainforests are in South America, Africa, and Southeast Asia.The greatest troical rainforest lies in the core parts of South America beside the Amazon river

Who was the first president of America? 
A. George Washington 
B. Abraham Lincoln
C. Samuel Hunington
D. Alexander Hamilton 
A. George Washington 
The confusion over who America’s first President comes from the same confusion over when America was born. The vast majority of Americans believe that America was created in 1776 and George Washington was american's first Priority also Samuel Hunington is considered as the first president.

Who is the designer of the national flag of Bangladesh?
A. Shib Narayan Das
B. SM sultan
C. Qayyum Chowdhury 
D. Quamrul Hassan
D. Quamrul Hassan
The first designer of national flag is shib Narayan Das. Later the national artist Quamrul Hasan made a design as our national flag 

In which year Adolf Hitler committ suicide ? 
A. 1920 
B. 1947 
C. 1945
D. 1932 
B. 1947
Adolf Hitler was the leader of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945.Hitler was chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945, and served as dictator from 1934 to 1945.

Where the flag of Bangldesh raised first ? 
A. Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra  
B. University Of Dhaka
C. Mujib Nagar 
D. Razarbag Police Line 
B. University Of Dhaka
The very first broadcast of declaration of independence was from Shadheen Bangla Betarkendro. though the university of dhaka played a vital role in the liberation war and the students were very freedom concious and cultural holder 

What is the capital of Spain? 
A. Madrid 
B. Barcelona 
C. Seville 
B. Hamburg 
A. Madrid 
Madrid is a city of elegant boulevards and expansive, manicured parks such as the Buen Retiro. It’s renowned for its rich repositories of European art.It is the largest city of spain 

Who invented C language ? 
A. Dennis Ritchie 
B. James Gosling
C. Guido van Rossum
D. Yukihiro Matsumoto
A. Dennis Ritchie 
Dennis Ritchie was a computer scientist. He was also the inventor of UNIX OS with long-time colleague Ken Thompso.

Which country is known as the land of midnight sun? 
A. Norway
B. Iceland 
C. Switzerland
D. Romania 
A. Norway
The midnight sun is a natural phenomenon that occurs in the summer months in places north of the Arctic Circle or south of the Antarctic Circle, when the sun remains visible at the local midnight.Norway lies in the Anarctic circle

Who is the Lady with the lamp? 
A. Rosa Parks 
B. Nora Ephron
C. Florence Nightangle
D. Mother Teressa 
C. Florence Nightangle
Florence Nightingale was an English social reformer and statistician, and the founder of modern nursing.Whereas, Mother Teressa was widely admired by many for her charitable works.

Who is the fastest man in the world? 
A. Usain Bolt
B. Asafa Powell
C. Tyson Gay Yohan Blake
D. Nesta Carter
A. Usain Bolt
He edged out Justin Gatlin, an American, and Andre De Grasse, a Canadian, on his way to the gold. He also won gold in the last Olympic game. 

Who is the first female recipient of Nobel Prize? 
A. Barbara McClintock 
B. Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin
C. Malala Yousafzai
D. Madam Curie
D. Madam Curie
The first woman to win a Nobel Prize won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 with her husband, Pierre Curie, and Henri Becquerel.She is also the only woman to have won multiple Nobel Prizes; in 1911, she won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Who is the famous person has said -Stay foolish, stay hungry?
A. Bill Gates
B. Steve Jobs
C. Larry Page
D. Mark Zuckerberg
B. Steve Jobs
He was an American information technology entrepreneur and inventor.Also the co-founder, chairman, and chief executive officer (CEO) of Apple Inc.CEO and majority shareholder of Pixar Animation Studios, a member of The Walt Disney Company's board of directors following its acquisition of Pixar.

In Which year the second world war started?
A. 1942 
B. 1946 
C. 1937 
D. 1939
D. 1939
The two dates most often mentioned as “the beginning of World War II” are July 7, 1937, when the “Marco Polo Bridge Incident” led to a prolonged war between Japan and China, and September 1, 1939, when Germany invaded Poland, which led Britain and France to declare war on Hitler's Nazi state in retaliation.

From where liberated Oxygen does come during photocynthesis? 
A. Carbon dioxide 
B. Break down of chlorophyll 
C. Atmosphere 
D. Water
D. Water
In this process, green plants and some other organisms use sunlight to synthesize nutrients from carbon dioxide and water. Photosynthesis in plants generally involves the green pigment chlorophyll and generates oxygen as a by-product. 

Who is the father of the nation of India? 
A. Jawaharlal Neheru
B. Mahatma Gandhi 
C. Subash Chandra Bose
D. Kanubhai gandhi
B. Mahatma Gandhi 
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was the preeminent leader of the Indian independence movement in British-ruled India.

How many times "Which of the favors of your Lord will you deny?" appears in Suarh Ar-Rahman? 
A. 31 times 
B. 28 times
C. 32 times
D. 25 times 
A. 31 times
The main theme of the Surah is giving manifestation and fruits to the attribution of Allah’s mercy and grace, which is evident right from the beginning, till the very end. Ar-Rahman is one of the Personal Name of Allah. It is unique, exclusive, unprecedented, has no parallel, no dual, no plural, no feminine equivalent. It means “Most Gracious”, a reflection of one His many attributes. 

On which island was Napoleon born?
A. Houat
B. Ushant 
C. Corsica
D. Redenec 
C. Corsica
Napoleon Bonaparte, emperor of France and one of the greatest military leaders in history, abdicates the throne, and, in the Treaty of Fontainebleau, is banished to the Mediterranean island of Elba. The future emperor was born in Ajaccio, Corsica

What was the former name of New York?
A. New Amsterdam
B. New Ally 
C. New Mason 
D. New Jersey 
A. New Amsterdam
The Dutch called the whole area of New York "Nieuw Nederland" (New Netherland) and they named a fort and town on the south end of Manhattan Island Nieuw Amsterdam after the capital city of the Netherlands, which was to become present-day New York

Which unit indicates the light intensity?
A. Luminious FLux
B. Lux 
C. Farade
D. Candela
D. Candela
Originally, luminous intensity was measured in terms of units called candles. This expression arose from the fact that one candle represented approximately the amount of visible radiation emitted by a candle flame.

In computing what is RAM short for?
A. Random Access Memory 
B. Random Alternate Memory 
C. Ready Access Memory
D. Repeat Alternate Memory 
A. Random Access Memory 
RAM is the place in a computing device where the operating system (OS), application programs and data in current use are kept so they can be quickly reached by the device's processor.

Which is the world's second largest French-speaking city?
A. Amsterdam (Netherland)
B. Montreal (Canada)
C. Oklahama (USA)
D. Niger (Nigeria)
B. Montreal (Canada)
Montreal in both Canadian English and French, is the most populous city in Quebec and the second most populous municipality in Canada.

How many oscars did the Titanic movie got? 
A. 10 
B. 11
C. 09
D. 12 
B. 11
Titanic began its awards sweep starting with the Golden Globes, winning four, namely Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director, Best Original Score, and Best Original Song.Kate Winslet and Gloria Stuart were also nominees.It won the ACE "Eddie" Award, ASC Award, Art Directors Guild Award, Cinema Audio Society Awards, Screen Actors Guild Award (Best Supporting Actress for Gloria Stuart), The Directors Guild of America Award, and Broadcast Film Critics Association Award (Best Director for James Cameron), and The Producer Guild of America Award.It was also nominated for ten BAFTA awards, including Best Film and Best Director; including total 11 oscars till now.

What is the name of the gas that let rise bread dough?
A. Carbon Di Oxide 
B. Oxigen
c. Helium
D. Nitrogen
A. Carbon Di Oxide 
This "bread rising" happens when the yeast and honey are mixed together, the yeast feeds on the honey and gives off a gas, called carbon dioxide. This carbon dioxide gets trapped in the bread dough, causing the dough to rise and helping give our bread its wonderful taste! 

When will the Halley's Comet be seen again? 
A. July 28, 2025 
B. July 28, 2040
C. July 28, 2061
D. July 28, 2093 
C. July 28, 2061
Halley's Comet or Comet Halley, is a short-period comet visible from Earth every 75–76 years.Halley last appeared in the inner parts of the Solar System in 1986













